added note about backing up old license key (#5276)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/olympia/olympia-enrollment-guidelines.md

-   This method will upgrade your Windows 10 Pro license to Enterprise and create a new account. See [Set up Azure Active Directory joined devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/device-management-azuread-joined-devices-setup) for more information.

    > [!NOTE]

>     > Make sure to save your PRO license key before upgrading to Enterprise. In case of disconnection from Olympia, if the license fails to downgrade back to Pro automatically (unlikely event), it will allow re-activating Pro license [manually](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/windows-10-edition-upgrades#upgrade-by-manually-entering-a-product-key).

Reviewer: minor speech pattern detail:
```suggestion
    > Make sure to save your PRO license key before upgrading to Enterprise. In case of disconnection from Olympia, if the license fails to downgrade back to Pro automatically (unlikely event), it will allow you to re-activate the Pro license [manually](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/windows-10-edition-upgrades#upgrade-by-manually-entering-a-product-key).
```

>     > Make sure to save your PRO license key before upgrading to Enterprise. In case of disconnection from Olympia, if the license fails to downgrade back to Pro automatically (unlikely event), it will allow re-activating Pro license [manually](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/windows-10-edition-upgrades#upgrade-by-manually-entering-a-product-key).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > Make sure that you save your PRO license key before upgrading to Enterprise. In case of disconnection from Olympia, if the license fails to downgrade back to Pro automatically (unlikely event), it will allow you to re-activate the Pro license [manually](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/upgrade/windows-10-edition-upgrades#upgrade-by-manually-entering-a-product-key).
```
